Since our return to Earth after defeating Zenoheld
a whole lot has happened.
The most exciting thing is that Bakugan Interspace finally
went online globally allowing kids from all over the world
to show their battling skills in a safe and friendly
environment.
Unfortunately, it seems like not everyone
wants this virtual realm to remain happy and free.
A mysterious evil force from another world
is infiltrated Bakugan Interspace
and is trying to take over.
OK, buddy, let's do this.
All right, Bakugan, brawl.
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall, got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
That's just crazy.
Why would I do that?
Because you're a lying, conniving Gundalian.
What?
I know he told you that Neathia invaded Gundalia,
but the real truth is Gundalia is the one who invaded.
Ren is really the enemy.
Are you serious?
What?
Huh?
What are you talking about, Shun?
Tell them it isn't true.
OK, Ren?
Of course, it isn't true.
She's the one who's lying.
I believe that's my cue.
At the final act, I bid you all a fond farewell.
Huh?
Is he--
Don't you walk away from me.
Come back and fight, Neathian.
I do apologize, but there will be no encore performance today.
Coward!
Time to give it up, Ren.
I don't have to take this.
Ren.
Wait!
See, he ran away.
What further proof do you need that he's guilty of all
that Fabia says he is?
I don't believe you.
But Ren's my--
Marucho.
Ren is my friend, OK, you guys?
He would never do anything to hurt us or Bakugan Interspace.
You got it?
So knock it off.
Marucho.
You don't know what you're talking about, Shun.
Ren is a good guy, OK?
I don't want to hear another bad word about him from anyone.
Wait, Maruch.
Ah, Marucho.
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in True Colours.
GAME SYSTEM: You have now exited Bakugan Interspace.
Please come again.
Are you in here, Ren?
Ren?
Master Ren has run off, you say?
Yeah, I was hoping that maybe he'd come back here.
Well, I'm afraid I haven't seen him either, sir.
I wonder where he is?
I've been everywhere, and I still can't find him.
Gundalia is the one who invaded.
I believe that's my cue.
I bid you all farewell.
See, he ran away.
He's guilty of all that Fabia says he is.
I don't care what Shun says.
I don't believe that Ren is our enemy.
If I can just find him, I know he'll
be able to explain himself.
GAME SYSTEM: Confirmed, Master Marucho was here 15 minutes
47 seconds ago.
Just missed him.
Bummer.
Why did you have to get so harsh with him, Shun?
It was the truth.
He needed to hear it.
We all need to hear it from the beginning.
OK, then, I'll tell you all the real story.
On my home planet of Neathia, humans and Bakugan
had lived together in peace for generations.
But one day, hostile forces from the neighboring
planet of Gundalia invaded our cities using their Bakugan.
So Ren lied when he said the Neathians were the invaders?
Yes.
I bet he was lying about everything else, too.
Hm-hmm.
Go on.
Sadly, the Neathian army had no choice
but to use their Bakugan for defense.
Destroy the enemy, Bakugan.
All forces advance.
Unfortunately, because we had never battled before,
we were no match for the Gundalians.
It didn't take long for them to gain the upper hand
and force us to our knees.
So in one final desperate attempt
to save our people from enslavement,
my sister, Queen Serena of Neathia,
ordered me to send out an urgent SOS message to all the world's
across every dimension.
Oh, you're the Queen's little sis?
That's why she goes by the title Princess, Jake.
Wow, a princess for real?
Focus on the story, Dan.
Both strands are practically identical.
What is that?
If you recall the unknown data we received along with Spectra
and Professor Clay.
It contained a mysterious melody as well.
I remember it.
None of us could figure out what it had to do with the rest
of the data at the time.
Well, it was actually Princess Fabia's distress signal.
We sent it in hopes of finding powerful bakugan
and their battlers to help us in our fight.
I will not be beaten.
Once you defeated our digital clone,
a message with crucial battle data
was relayed back to us on Neathia.
Princess, he received a message.
It originates from a virtual environment on Earth
known as Bakugan Interspace.
According to the readings, there is a bakugan there who
is powerful enough to help us.
Your Highness, I will go and investigate.
Thank you, Fabia.
These people are Neathia's last and only hope.
I understand.
I won't let you down.
That's when I came to Earth looking for the source
of those readings.
So this is where the humans come to battle, Bakugan Interspace.
I wonder if anyone here received the message that I sent?
Unfortunately, for us, Ren arrived way before she did.
Excuse me?
Would you be the Bakugan Battle Brawlers?
Before we knew any better, he had us believing his lies,
and we ended up taking Gundalia's
side in the conflict.
If you are helping Gundalia, then you are my enemy.
Well, then, if we're enemies, I can't let you leave.
Time for us to battle.
Dude, I can't believe Ren had us all fooled so badly.
He made total chumps out of us.
Yes.
He was a very convincing liar.
Even I believed him.
That weasel.
He might have fooled us, but he used Marucho and took
advantage of their friendship.
Oh, that's it.
No one punks my friends like that.
Well, if it isn't Mr. Big Shot.
I can't believe after all that work to infiltrate
the brawler's inner circle you failed
to bring them over to our side.
Useless.
You should have just snatched them
up like we did with the other kids, way less hassle.
A battle of fighting under hypnosis only
performs at 75% capacity.
We needed 100%, which meant I had to recruit them
of their own free will, and it was all going fine
until Princess Fabia showed up.
Not that Jesse was much help in maintaining my cover.
You just sat there and let her rip my credibility to shreds.
Don't point fingers.
What's wrong, Ren?
Don't tell me you started liking your little brawler
buddies for real.
He fit in so well, he forgot who he was.
Ah, how adorable.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Do I need to remind you that I'm in charge
and that you work for me now?
If any of you have a problem with that,
you can take it up with Emperor Barodius.
You might be the emperor's favorite now,
but that could quickly change, you know?
Time to get back in the game, Linehalt. Bakugan Brawl.
Come on, Akwimos, we have to find Ren.
What now, Ren?
A change of plans.
We've lost our chance with the brawlers,
so we'll have to find some new recruits
to help us in our fight.
GAME SYSTEM: Attention, please.
Attention, please.
This is a page for Mr. Brown.
Mr. Brown, you left your ID card in arena G18.
So you remember that paging Mr.
Brown was our secret codes when we
needed to meet in an emergency.
I knew you wouldn't forget and that you'd come.
I couldn't ignore an emergency call.
I think we have some unfinished business.
Yeah, I know we do.
Bakugan field, open.
Gate card, set.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Go, Aquos Akwimos.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Rise, Darkus Linehalt. Ability activate, Razen Breaker.
Ability activate.
Heal Blue.
I thought that you and I were supposed
to be really good friends, Ren.
Yeah, we were.
Ability activate.
Full take [inaudible].
If that's true, then how could you
possibly deceive me like that?
Tell me.
It wasn't supposed to happen.
Ability activate.
Spiral Pressure.
Not a bad shot, but my power level
is still much higher than yours.
Oh, try this.
Gate card open.
Battle release.
Command card battle release halts all battles.
Not so fast.
Ability activate.
Ice Crasher.
No, Akwimos.
GAME SYSTEM: Marucho life force, 40%.
I just realized we've never battled each other
before, have we, friend?
I must admit I always thought we might
face each other in battle, but not
under circumstances like these.
Sorry to disappoint you.
Gate card set.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Huh?
What's wrong, Marucho?
Let's fight.
Come on, Akwimos, let's win this.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Ability activate.
Dark Sabre.
Shadow Pincer.
Not too bad.
Gate card open.
Element merge.
Oh, no.
Akwimos' power level is being absorbed.
I wonder when Marucho's going to come back?
He's probably looking for Ren.
Maybe we should go after him?
Good idea.
I think you should come too, Shun.
Wait a minute.
Huh?
Take a look at this.
What?
Ren and Marucho are battling each other.
Well, this could get interesting.
Yep.
Ability activate.
Depth World.
Water?
Yep, Akwimos is second to no one in the water.
Get out of there, Linehalt. Battle gear time.
GAME SYSTEM: Ready Boomix.
Battle gear boost.
OK, Ren, we can go there, too.
GAME SYSTEM: Ready Gigarth.
Let's do this.
Battle gear boost.
Battle gear ability activate.
Boomix lock.
Ability activate.
Ocean Booster.
You brought your power level back?
I told you that Akwimos couldn't be beaten
when it came to water combat.
OK, battle gear ability activate.
Gigarth Pointer.
What?
GAME SYSTEM: Ren life force 40%.
Marucho.
Whoa, they're tied.
This next round will decide it for sure.
Gate card set.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
This is it, Marucho.
Come on, bring it on, friend.
Ability activate.
Dark Javelin.
Shadow Claw Double.
Keep going.
Ability activity.
Darkness Blizzard.
Akwimos.
Ren's battling really hard.
That lying creep.
That dude has no heart.
Not only did he betray little Maruch.
But now he's rubbing his face in it.
I have to do this.
My people are counting on me.
GAME SYSTEM: Ready Boomix.
Battle gear boost.
GAME SYSTEM: Ready Gigarth.
Gate card open.
Power [inaudible].
I suppose you think you're clever using a command
card that sucks up 500 points from the opponent's
power level, but I have to tell you, I am not impressed.
Battle gear ability activate, Boomix lock.
I can't believe you, Ren.
I treated you like a brother, and you stabbed me in the back.
I'll never make that mistake again.
It wasn't supposed to be personal.
There are things at stake here you wouldn't understand.
I trusted you, Ren.
Brawlers welcomed you in to our family.
Battle gear ability activate Gigarth Hydrizer.
Engage.
GAME SYSTEM: Ren lifeforce zero.
ANNOUNCER: Battle over.
Winner, Marucho.
[cheering]
I knew you were good, Marucho, but I
had no idea you were that good.
We're coming for you next time, Drago.
Whoa, man, did he just speak?
So you've been lying about your true identity
as well, Linehalt?
Marucho, we can still be friends.
Leave the brawlers and come with us.
Get lost.
You must take me for a fool it you think I'd ever go with you.
I would never leave my family for a dishonest poser like you,
you got me?
Marucho, very well.
As of now, our friendship is completely over, Marucho.
Ah.
What the?
Whoa.
So this is how you really look?
The next time we meet, we'll be enemies.
Ren.
Now that we knew the truth about Ren's identity,
Fabia thought it would be safe to replace our digital clone
bakugan with the original ones.
Everyone was excited to be battling with real bakugan
partners once again, although it was going to take
a little getting used to.
Meanwhile, the battlers that were kidnapped
by the Gundalian's were ordered by Ren
to challenge us to a brawl.
They came at us pretty fast and hard,
but we were ready for them.
Tune in to see how we take care of these zombie kids.
Let's go, Hawktor.
Bakugan, brawl.
Let's see how the real you battle.
[theme music]